HW List Top 5 Data Structures, explain how each 5 used, then explain best time use each. 

Data structures are basic containers that hold data information specific format, where data is stored, if not stored container right way, the structure not useful, therefore data structures must be done right way for situation hand, order user get necessary problem hand done as needed. 
The top 5 data Structures Arrays, Stacks, Queues,Tress and Linked Lists. These Structures must fit problem, if does not fit container right way, it will be not useful, so each is used according what needed of the Data Structure containers needs.  

1. Arrays is most used and easiest structure that can contain specific information in a format. Array can go as easy as 1234, where the array 4 and the element parts it 123 and it well 4. The elements in Array are positive numerical values called index, that are used to correspond to position of the element in the array. Arrays can function in two modes being one dimensional and Multidimensional, where difference that multidimensional works with second array in first array, but first array one dimensional  stays to one array. Good time use Array when user needs to insert element at giving index, or when user needs to return element in giving index, or when user needs to delete an element in giving index and finally when user needs to get all elements has in its array. 

2. Stacks data structure is used almost all applications, where what put first loos is if done first at end of structure. To use Stacks in array, first becomes last, by taking away last to first order, that input of the first is stored in older data memory, where new data then stored making look as first is what just put in where actually not, but counting of what was first there. This method useful when needed get certain areas of the array, then follow it other information before it. Best time  use operations of Stacks when needed insert information top called Push, or when Pop, returns element from top when removed, or isEmpty being when stack is empty as then must be return true, and finally Top, where first return at beginning point without removal of stack it. 

3. Queues are stored sequential manner, where what goes in first will go out first well, so that data structure will have start and finish, but first will go through first, then second will go, but first will start and go forth use of the element as needed. The best time use Queues is when Enqueue is inserted at end queue, Dequeue removes queues at beginning of element. IsEmpty returns as true if empty element area and Top returns first element queue. 

4. Tress is hierarchical data structure that consist of Vertical nodes and edges that are connected. Trees very well used in Artificial intelligence and Complex Algorithms which will be efficient storage that used problem solving. The best time use Tress is N-ary Tree, Balanced Tree, Binary Tree, Binary balanced Tree, Binary Search Tree, AvL Tree, Red Black Tree, and 2-3 Tree element areas. 

5. Linked Lists is data structure is look like to normal look of array, but differs in its memory allocation, internal structure and operation insertions and deletions that are carried out. Linked lists works in a chain of nodes, where it starts and continues in the chain, but if there nothing next chain then it becomes nothing. The best time use Linked Lists when implement files system, hash tables and adjacency lists. It can be used InsertAtEnd, which inserts element at end it, InsertAtHead is inserted at beginning it, Delete is list that are deleted, DeleteAtHead deletes first of list, Search returns list to element and IsEmpty Returns true if area empty. 
